we're in a bit of a schedule here so we
have to present
you
uh a band called alcadicots they come
from russia and
i think they will play something for us
is that right nika
i hope so are you here guys
hey
i like they said they're here
kiril
can you unmute
hey
okay i don't know they're saying they're
here but i don't hear them if somebody
seek it on medvedev
no
okay
sorry about that
i got so jealous of his books his
beautiful bookshelf that i put on my
virtual bookshelf background
[Laughter]
is that davis bookshelf up there yeah
yours
all right
[Laughter]
i have one with that's a gun wall too
just in case i'm talking to some nutty
people in america
i think kirill's joining now nika
yeah he's just joining now
connected
nika you're on mute
okay
yeah i just wanted to introduce them but
maybe they can do themselves kitty like
here
yes
you can hear us
uh-huh
hi
hi friends we are
arcadicon's band
and
we would like to to
present our our song about partisan lucy
publishing
can you hear us
yes
yes and i think you know this
song
we translated into russian and
you can sing
with us
let me tell you quickly uh it's a booty
gothri song and i just want to say that
david's mom knew woody gaffrey they were
not really friends but they were like
really know each other so woody
gave a drawing to like a present he's
drawing to to david's mom because david
farmer and uh
that's great
[Music]
we are facing several problems including
our
could you see me
[Music]
it is too late in the moor school
but we survived and
will start just in
few seconds
[Music]
yes
yeah
um
[Music]
foreign
me
[Music]
is
yes
[Music]
is
well
[Music]
very nice it's publishing
that's the song
yeah i i i
yes
this is the words sorry i didn't do it
before it was
saying thank you
friends that
and alec um
[Music]
so sorry now
we have to
turn out just a shot here yeah
all right